Migrate tasks 1.10-1.15 from Measurements to Distinguishing States kata (#1622)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/distinguishing_states/four_bell_states/solution.md

If the qubits are entangled in one of the Bell states, you can't simply measure individual qubits to distinguish the states: if you do, the first two states will both give you 00 or 11, and the last two: 01 or 10. We need to come up with a way to transform the original states to states that are easy to distinguish before measuring them.

First, let's take a look at the preparation of the Bell states starting with the $\ket{00}$ basis state.

> >A more detailed discussion of preparing all the Bell states can be found in the task All Bell states of the Superposition kata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A more detailed discussion of preparing all the Bell states can be found in the task "All Bell States" of the Preparing Quantum States kata.
```

The unitary transformation $\text{CNOT}\cdot(H \otimes I)$ (which corresponds to applying the $H$ gate to the first qubit, followed by applying the $\text{CNOT}$ gate with the first qubit as control and the second qubit as target) transforms the 4 basis vectors of the computational basis into the 4 Bell states.

$$\text{CNOT}\cdot(H \otimes I) = \frac{1}{\sqrt2} \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 & 1 & 0 \\ 0 & 1 & 0 & 1 \\ 0 & 1 & 0 & -1 \\ \underset{\ket{\Phi^{+}}}{\underbrace{1}} & \underset{\ket{\Psi^{+}}}{\underbrace{0}} & \underset{\ket{\Phi^{-}}}{\underbrace{-1}} & \underset{\ket{\Psi^{-}}}{\underbrace{0}} \end{bmatrix}$$

To transform the Bell states back to the basis states, you can apply adjoint of this transformation, which will undo its effects. In this case, both gates used are self-adjoint, so the adjoint transformation will require applying the same gates in reverse order (first $\text{CNOT}$, then $H$).

After this the original states will be transformed as follows:

> | Return value | Original state | Maps to basis state |

Reviewer: Our rendering is not happy with Markdown tables, so it needs to be converted to HTML. You can find examples in qec_shor kata

|     :---:    |     :---:      |        :---:        |
| 0     | $\ket{\Phi^{+}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (\ket{00} + \ket{11}\big)$        | $\ket{00}$      |
| 1     | $\ket{\Phi^{-}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (\ket{00} - \ket{11}\big)$        | $\ket{10}$      |
| 2     | $\ket{\Psi^{+}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (\ket{01} + \ket{10}\big)$        | $\ket{01}$      |
| 3     | $\ket{\Psi^{-}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (\ket{01} - \ket{10}\big)$        | $\ket{11}$      |

> These are the same four 2-qubit basis states we've seen in task Distinguish four basis states, though in different order compared to that task, so mapping the measurement results to the return values will differ slightly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the same four two-qubit basis states we've seen in the task "Distinguish Four Basis States", though in a different order compared to that task, so mapping the measurement results to the return values will differ slightly.
```
